hey guys and welcome to a new video as
most of you know I hit 20,000
subscribers the other day which is
awesome and I was going to be giving
away a hell of a lot of items and I
still am but it just so happens to be
and I've been informed that by getting
you guys to use a YouTube feature such
as commenting subscribing or liking the
video I'm actually breaking YouTube's
Terms of Service now I've seen a lot of
you know bigger youtubers doing the same
sort of method of giveaways by getting
people to comment and so on so forth but
the people that inform me of this have
actually been sort of renowned for
getting people's channels taken down so
um don't really want to take any risks
and I'm gonna have to change the way to
enter the giveaway for the unusual
Nappers respite with bubbling effect we
have to do is leave a comment on this
steam discussion on my group page you do
not have to be a member of the group so
this is honestly not a video for me to
try and gather some more like members on
that group so you don't have to if you
don't want to I completely understand
that
and then the Facebook and Twitter
giveaways that I've been doing exactly
the same as before so I'll bet you on
those now anyone that has entered my
Facebook and Twitter giveaways already
you're still in it don't worry I have to
do anything else but if anyone that is
new and has only just seen this video or
didn't see the last one all you have to
do on my facebook which is for my
unusual milkman with orbiting fire is
leave a like on the page as well as
commenting on this post terribly your
Steam username that way it's easier for
me to find you that's literally all you
have to do for that and there are first
second and third place winners on all
three giveaways as far as Twitter goes
all you have to do is follow me as well
as tweeting me a message hopefully with
your Steam username and on Twitter I'm
going to be giving away Bill's hats
professional killstreaks and a few other
things maybe such as keys and so on and
so forth if by the time I do choose the
winners and there's other things moment
or they might prefer that around the
same prices and what they've won I'm
happy
to discuss that with them but yeah I
just want to say I'm sorry for having to
make this video again and I'm sure like
a lot of you guys didn't even know that
you can't really do giveaways on YouTube
through comments so I mean at least I
know that now and in future if I hit big
milestones that way I am you know I
won't get closed down I guess it's a bit
of a scare really to know that I could
have you know have my channel closed
down but thank you everyone for helping
me hit 20k it's an awesome milestone and
I will see you in a couple of days are
you that developer fair she's gonna get
a fun Australian all that shit oh shit
can't oh my god wrecked absolutely
destroyed GG thanks Gavin